>> Stephen: OH LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, WELCOME TO THE LATE
SHOW, I'M YOUR HOST, STEPHEN
COLBERT.
LET ME ASK YOU A PERSONAL
QUESTION.
EVERYBODY FEELING GOOD?
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: WELL, CLEARLY,
CLEARLY YOU DO NOT WORK IN THE
WHITE HOUSE.
BECAUSE IT IS WEDNESDAY, AND YOU
KNOW WHAT THEY CALL THAT AT THE
WHITE HOUSE, WE ARE SO HUMPED
DAY.
LET ME EXPLAIN TO YOU WHY.
LET ME REMIND YOU, RECAP THE
LAST COUPLE OF DAYS.
YOU KNOW THE WHOLE TRUMP
CAMPAIGN COLLUDED WITH RUSSIA TO
INFLUENCE OR ELECTION AND THE
DIDN'T HAPPEN, DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
WELL, TURNS OUT IT DID, AND THEY
DO.
BECAUSE YESTERDAY DONALD TRUMP,
JR. RELEASED EMAILS EXPLICITLY
DETAILING AN INVITATION BY THE
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT TO COLLUDE,
AND HIS ENTHUSIASTIC ACCEPTANCE,
QUOTE, I LOVE IT!
OH, OH DON, NOT AS MUCH AS I DO.
(LAUGHTER)
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
YEAH, YEAH.
NOW LISTEN, JUST TO GIVE YOU,
OKAY, SO THAT WAS YESTERDAY,
THAT WAS YESTERDAY, WE HAVE HAD
A FULL NEWS CYCLE TO GIVE YOU A
SENSE OF THE FALLOUT LET ME
PRESENT YOU WITH A BOUQUET OF
EARLY BLOOMING HEADLINES.
THE WHITE HOUSE IS PARALYZED.
AND I'M PRETTY SURE TRUMPCARE
DOES NOT COVER THAT.
I SEE ANOTHER ONE, READY?
HERE WE GO.
HERE'S ANOTHER HEADLINE.
THE WHITE HOUSE IS FACING A
CATEGORY 5 HURRICANE.
AND REMEMBER REPUBLICAN
PRESIDENTS HAVE A SPOTTY TRACK
RECORD WHEN IT COMES TO DEALING
WITH HURRICANES.
BUT, OBVIOUSLY, OBVIOUSLY,
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
THOSE WERE "THE WASHINGTON POST"
AND CNN.
HOW ABOUT HEARING FROM SOMEONE
ON THEIR SIDE, TRY "THE NEW YORK
POST." DONALD TRUMP, JR. IS AN
IDIOT, YES.
YES.
(APPLAUSE)E
YES, KEEP IN MIND, KEEP THIS IN
MIND, AND I MEAN THIS, THEY ARE
DEFENDING HIM.
BECAUSE THE ALTERNATIVE TO IDIOT
IS INMEAT AND IT'S HARD TO ARGUE
THAT POINT.
DONALD TRUMP, JR. IS QUICKLY
RISING TO THE RANKS OF AMERICA'S
MOST EMBARRASSING DONALD TRUMPS.
THINGS ARE SO BAD, THINGS ARE SO
BAD, CHECK OUT THIS TWEET OF
STAFFERS AND WHITE HOUSE
VISITORS PLACING THEIR HANDS ON
PRESIDENT TRUMP AND PRAYING FOR
HIM TODAY.
(LAUGHTER).
>> Stephen: OKAY, EITHER THAT,
EITHER THAT OR THEY ARE PLAYING
HANDS ON A SOFT BODY.
WHOEVER KEEPS THEIR HAND THE
LONGEST GETS TO FIRE ROBERT
MUELLER.
SO WITH HIS AGENDA IN TATTERSES,
WITH HIS WHITE HOUSE PARALYZED,
IN TURMOIL, WITH HIS FAMILY IN
DISGRACE, THE PRESIDENT DID THE
RIGHT THING AND HEADED TO FRANCE
TONIGHT.
FRANCE, AND IT'S UNDERSTANDABLE,
THAT IT'S SAYS SAFE SPACE, TRUMP
IS LIKE JERRY LEWIS OVER THERE
IN THAT HE SEEMS LIKE AN IDIOT,
BECAUSE THIS PROOF OF THE TRUMP
CAMPAIGN'S COLLUSION MAY HAVE
COST THE PRESIDENT SOMETHING HE
LOVES EVEN MORE THAN HIS SON.
IT WILL COST HIM HIS FAVORITE
CATCH PHRASE BECAUSE LAST NIGHT
ONE WHITE HOUSE ADVISOR ADMITTED
THE RUSSIA STORY WILL GET WORSE
AND WORSE AND YOU CAN'T JUST
REALLY SAY ANY MORE "FAKE NEWS."
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: YOU CAN'T.
YOU CAN'T SAY IT ANY MORE.
CAN'T SAY IT.
I KNOW HOW DONALD TRUMP IS GOING
TO FEAL ABOUT THAT.
SAD.
SO TONIGHT WE BID A FOND
FAIRWELL.
>> WE ARE FIGHTING THE FAKE
NEWS.
IT'S FAKE, PHONEY, FAKE.
>> YOU NOTICE NOW THEY'RE USING,
EVERYBODY IS USING THE WORD FAKE
NEWS.
WHERE DID YOU HEAR IT FIRST,
FOLKS.
>> IT'S ALL FAKE NEWS, IT'S
PHONEY STUFF T DIDN'T HAPPEN.
>> FAKE NEWS, CNN.
FAKE.
WHAT, THE CAMERA JUST WENT OFF.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: I'M CRYING FAKE
TEARS.
(LAUGHTER)
SO PRETTY MUCH EVERYBODY AGREES,
TRUMP, JR. WAS DUMB TO TWEET
THIS STUFF.
AND THE SMART THING TO DO WOULD
BE JUST TO SHUT UP.
SO LAST NIGHT HE WENT ON FOX
NEWS.
(LAUGHTER)
AND EXPLAINED WHY HE IS NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY OF THIS.
>> SOMEONE SENT ME AN EMAIL.
I CAN'T HELP WHAT SOMEONE SENDS
ME.
>> Stephen: YES, HE CAN'T
HELP.
HE HAS TO DO WHATEVER IT SAYS IN
AN EMAIL THAT IS WHY HIS
APARTMENT IS FULL OF NIGERIAN
PRINCES AND BONER PILLS.
YOU ARE GOING TO WANT TO KEEP
THEM APART.
YOU ARE TBING TO WANT TO KEEP
THOSE TWO, KEEP THOSE TWO APART.
PLUS THIS WAS WAY LAST SUMMER.
IT WAS A TOTAL LEIGH DIFFERENT
TIME.
>> THIS IS PREYOU WERE RUSSIA
REFER, PRERUSSIA MANIA, 13
MONTHS AGO BEFORE THE REST OF
THE WORLD WAS TALKING ABOUT
THAT.
>> Stephen: YEAH, HE COLLUDED
WITH THE RUSSIA BEFORE PEOPLE
WERE TALKING ABOUT RUSSIAN
COLLUSION.
OKAY.
THAT'S LIKE SAYING YEAH, I FIRED
A GUN AT THAT GUY BUT THAT WAS
BEFORE EVERYBODY WAS TALKING
ABOUT THIS WHOLE MURDER TRIAL,
ALL RIGHT.
HOW DID I KNOW.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: WHAT AM I SUPPOSED
TO-- BESIDES, I MEAN, THE
MEETING WAS A DUED.
>> IT WAS LITERALLY JUST A
WASTED 20 MINUTES WHICH WAS A
SHAME.
>> Stephen: YEAH, IT WAS ALL
ON HIS YELP REVIEW, ONE STAR,
DID NOT DELIVER TREASON TO
TABLE, WOULD NOT COLLUDE AGAIN.
AND, IT'S GOING TO BE HARSH FOR
HER BUSINESS.
SHE'S GOING TO HAVE TROUBLE
SHAKING THAT ONE OFF.
I'VE GOT SOME NEWS FOR YOU, DON,
JUST BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T GET YOUR
SECRET RUSSIAN A INTEL DOESN'T
MEAN ARE YOU THE GOOD GUY HERE,
YOU NEVER HEARD THE PERVS SAY
WAIT, WHAT IS WITH THE COPS, I
BROUGHT WINE COOLERS, WHAT A
WASTED 20 MINUTES.
>> WAIT, WHAT, WHY, WHERE AM I
GOING, WHAT'S HAPPENING?
(APPLAUSE)
BUT DON, JR. DID LEARN AN
IMPORTANT LESSON FROM ALL THIS.
>> IN RETROSPECT, I PROBABLY
WOULD HAVE DONE THINGS A LITTLE
DIFFERENTLY.
I KNOW MORE NOW BUT HINDSIGHT IS
ALWAYS 2020.
>> Stephen: HE'S RIGHT,
HINDSIGHT IS 20-20.
AND I THINK A LOT OF VOTERS WILL
BE USING HINDSIGHT IN 2020.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: AND MEANWHILE, OF
COURSE, OF COURSE THE WHITE
HOUSE IS DEFENDING DON, JR., ONE
OFFICIAL SAID HE JUST WANTS TO
HUNT, FISH AND RUN HIS FAMILY'S
REAL ESTATE BUSINESS.
YES, WHY DID WE FORCE HIM TO GET
INTO POLITICS.
YOU KNOW HE WOULD RATHER BE IN A
FOREST PURSUING HIS FIRST LOVE,
BRAWNY MAN COSPLAY.
ANOTHER, ANOTHER--
(LAUGHTER)
ANOTHER ANONYMOUS SOURCE SAID,
THE KID IS AN HONEST KID.
OKAY.
PUMP THE BRAKES A LITTLE BIT
HERE.
THIS KID IS A 39 YEAR OLD MAN.
AND I GOT TO SAY, IT'S NEVER A
GOOD SIGN WHEN THE PERSON
STICKING UP FOR YOU WANTS TO
REMAIN ANONYMOUS.
DON, JR. IS A GOOD PERSON, WAIT,
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO USE MY NAME,
RIGHT?
EVEN BILL O REILLY ROSE FROM THE
NONSPIN CRYPT, TWEETING IT WAS
TABLOID GUY SET HIM UP WITH A
RUSSIA LAWYER WHO PROMISED
HILLARY DIRT, SHE DIDN'T
DELIVER.
LEAVE IT TO BILL O REILLY TO
FIND A WAY TO BLAME THE ONLY
WOMAN IN THIS STORY.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: YEAH, YEAH.
CLEARLY SHE'S A COLLUDE TEASE.
NOW THE PRESIDENT HAS BEEN
NOTICEABLY QUIET THROUGH ALL OF
THIS, IN PART BECAUSE HIS
SCHEDULE IS UNUSUALLY LIGHT.
AND HE'S BEEN WATCHING TV AND
VENTING ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION.
LIGHT?
TRUMP HAS SPENT HALF HIS
PRESIDENCY GOLFING.
HOW MUCH LIGHTER CAN HIS
SCHEDULE GET.
SIR, YOU HAVE TO GET UP, IT'S
TIME TO GO TO BED.
BUT, BUT, THE PRESIDENT DENIES
THERE IS ANY TROUBLE.
TWEETING THIS MORNING, THE WHITE
HOUSE IS FUNCTIONING PERFECTLY.
FOCUSED ON HEALTH CARE, TAX CUTS
SLASH REFORMS AND MANY OTHER
THINGS.
I HAVE VERY LITTLE TIME FOR
WATCHING TV.
I GT TO SAY IT'S NOT EXACTLY
COMFORTING WHEN THE PERSON IN
CHARGE STARTS RANDOMLY ASSURING
YOU THAT EVERYTHING'S JUST FINE.
>> THERE IS YOUR CAPTAIN
SPEAKING, THE PLANE IS FUNKING
PERFECTLY.
WE ARE FOCUSED ON FLYING,
LANDING AND MANY OTHER THINGS.
>> I HAVE VERY LITTLE TIME FOR
WATCHING TV.